hey what's up guys welcome to tasty
tracks the review show or I listen to a
bunch of albums and tell you the best
tracks the tastiest tracks to listen to
my name is Jin and today we're gonna
talk about one of my favorite albums of
all time the 1979 release of the wall by
pink floyd i know i just said we're only
going to talk about one track but I
can't do it I can't just pick one I'm
gonna pick one but I don't want to i
want you to just listen to the entire
album please listen to the entire own it
is phenomenal one of the best pieces of
art i have ever heard a wonderful story
and then you also watch the movie but if
i have to pick one to talk about and I
don't want to I don't want to pick just
one I'm gonna go with comfortably numb I
have to I'm guitar player that is they
david gilmour plays two amazing guitar
solo it was rated as like some one of
the highest rated guitar solos like of
all time ok so this song was co-written
by roger waters and david gilmour and in
the context of the story if you watch
the movie you'll see it's a whole story
it is so disturbingly haunting and
beautiful where they place the song the
character pink is definitely a drug
addict
he's down he's taken too many Downers
he's lost it they want to get him ready
for the show and he is not in any
position mentally or physically to be
ready to perform so the doctor comes in
and this is this is the dialogue in the
song of n saying all right tell me where
it hurts so we'll give you a little
little pinprick of something you'll be
okay we got to get you ready for the
show and then the courses are David
Gilmour singing about Pink's experience
you know being a boy and having a fever
and kind of that where you're not quite
in the right headspace and now he's got
that again with whatever drugs that he
has been given and it is just it's so
well done I can't even tell you the
story is beautiful then we've got it two
minutes into the song an amazing guitar
solo very sparse what I like about it is
that he mixes the sparseness of his
whole notes and just letting the notes
ring out with some nice little fast
lines it's not it's not too aggressive
then we get into the second guitar solo
it comes in at about four and a half
minutes much more aggressive that tall
a more crunchy it's breaking up a little
bit more you can kind of tell like this
is dire that something is going to
change in the story because you're
saying I've become comfortably numb and
you hear it's very kind of floating but
disturbing at the same time like you
don't feel relaxed you know you're not
feeling too Zen about it it feels
slightly off right and then by the end
when it comes into the second guitar
solo at four-thirty you can feel this
aggression you can feel like whatever is
pumping through his blood and his veins
is changing him and then you get into
the next song and you see what happens
that he has changed quite a bit so I am
choosing comfortably numb because I have
to because it's an amazing song but just
know this entire album is phenomenal I
can't even do an honorable mention
section because you just can't this is
amazing thing as a whole I know I'm
moving my arms a lot with please go
check out this whole album and watch the
movie um that's all i have to say i
can't say any more just just go do it
now let me know what your favorite song
is off of this album and let me know why
i love to hear your experiences and your
feedback on it you can find me on any
social media site except for vine vine
and also i've created a tasty tracks
playlist on spotify which i put a link
in the description below okay please
promise me you will listen
and watching please I beg you hi
you